Members of the Chamber of Commerce
Distinguished guests
Dear gentlemen
Ladies, welcome to the party.
This auction is hosted by Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
A few days ago
Due to the conspiracy of Japanese spies and Dragonomics
All their assets were confiscated
today
We will put these assets up for auction
All the proceeds were used to build Haicheng
I hope you stay away from participation
I heard that this time there is no asset value 100,000
What's the big deal?
Large families eat meat
Our little family will also have some soup with us.
This is definitely a good opportunity to rise
Our Tian family pooled together all the money we could
Only tens of millions
I guess it's not even enough to drink soup
If it weren't for the mistake of the Shangwang Association that day
How did we get here today?
Sorry for the surgery
Apologize now
Can I get this money back?
Don't say it, if it weren't for Coco these years
Our Tian family
It has to be a small company with tens of millions of assets
The Tian family had hoped to become a family
Become the largest family
Too bad they're never too stupid
If it weren't for Miss, you would invest
The Tian family has long gone bankrupt
This kind of person doesn't need to be considered again
Forget about them
Qi Tian, are you going to the auction?
Don't participate, wait for me, wait for someone
Soon the first person I was waiting for arrived
It's late, I'll wait for you, let's go
Then please bring out our first auction item
Look at the big screen
I pay a penny
Buy all the assets at auction today